[Music]
very good, pass it to me, kids, or I'm here
to talk about a pretty serious problem
that the streamer is suffering, I don't know if he's
number one because I think he
surpasses a play, but if he's not number
one, he's number two. I'm talking about because I
think he's the one who earns the most, but
because he spends all day
live, I don't even know how many hours he does live,
I think he gets up, goes to bed live,
okay, he's live all the time.
When the list of
these payments was leaked, I don't know if you
remember that last year
a kind of excel was leaked, what they showed you was
the streamer who had earned the most
money on the platform, in the last year I
think it was two and a half or three years or
something like that, and this guy was the one who
had generated the most money, for whom he had
received the most money from tweets, it is
estimated that this man's net worth
is around 9 million
dollars,
I think it will be a lot
more, but well, the fact is that he generates
a lot, a lot, he is super rich and he has
a problem with the gambling issue, with
the betting issue.  the subject of
betting you have to be careful okay they are
legal and well we have all
made a pool, a slot machine, a
bet with friends not playing poker
but man you have to know that you can't
start and lose everything and there are
kids well I don't know that it gets out of
hand and this is called gambling addiction with
very serious problems that is called
gambling addiction and we have to be aware
when it is happening to us well look how
serious it is that the guy recognizes that he
lost approximately two billion
dollars just last April already
nothing last month worth a month ago almost
two million dollars exactly one
trillion 800 thousand dollars that yes you have
910 million euros or dollars and that
you can afford it well sometimes you
can afford it a shame the truth is there
are many causes that that
money could have gone to or for yourself you don't
know how long you're going to be where you
are for your family and for the
next generation it's yours I mean it
's that mentality of I can
afford it nothing happens it's not the right one it
's not the right one at all after
this he appeared again at a
poker event  another day and power and lost 100
thousand dollars more tremendous tremendous to the
level that families are starting
to worry even the father called a guest
live thinking of
appearing in Los Angeles for a while
to keep a close eye on him and the former first prime minister got
angry he got angry with his father no
dad no what's happening he lost a little
money well sometimes I win other times I
lose you know there I am the beginning the
beginning of denial of not accepting that
you have a problem because you have it they don't
have the need to play there are others there are
other games that are much more fun and
if you're losing control
you have to be perfectly aware
but well if this continues like this I'm
sure that the family is going to get involved
look at
how much they are not
aware of what is happening to them or they are
but they are denying it and don't want to
accept it that in front of their audience
knowing how everyone is
finding out about the huge amount of money they are losing
from their assets and when a relative
is always answering him badly
defensively and is like saying that nothing is
happening they know why nothing is happening there are
times when you win and since you lose I'll
tell you one  little thing is one that is part of
a little game that puts you in something good
with responsibility and knowing what they
are doing and hey, I
can lose this money, the game is very complicated, it
is very complicated, okay because there are times
like this when you have a lot of money you get into
it but there are many people who go through
this without having money, okay, but it
is true that
a rather worrying state is starting to be noticed
with this guy in
Connecticut, I know, I don't know if he agrees
or is in laws from the
comment box or I send a very strong hug
and I'll see you in the next video
[Music]